# NuraFin
[NuraFin](https://nurafin.com/) is a startup started in 2020.

### Table of Contents
- [NuraFin Cryptocurrency Trading Platform](#nurafin-cryptocurrency-trading-platform)
  - [Signal Alert](#signal-alert)
  - [Copy Trading](#copy-trading)
  - [Backtesting](#backtesting)
  - [Signal Tracker](#signal-tracker)
  - [Analytical Decision Sheets](#analytical-decision-sheets)
  - [Trade Management](#trade-management)
  - [Analytical Performance Reports](#analytical-performance-reports)
  - [Crypto Data Downloader](#crypto-data-downloader)
  - [Trading Teams](#trading-teams)
- [Telegram Scraper Platform](#telegram-scraper-platform)
- [Blockchain Projects](#blockchain-projects)


## NuraFin Cryptocurrency Trading Platform
This platform provides following systems for users:
- Signal Alert
- Copy Trading
- Backtesting
- Signal Tracker
- Analytical Decision Sheets
- Trade Management
- Analytical Performance Reports
- Crypto Data Downloader
- Trading Teams

### Signal Alert
The Signal Alert generates cryptocurrency signals based on technical and fundamental indicators.

### Copy Trading
The Copy Trading is part of the NuraFin Cryptocurrency Trading Platform that let Crypto Trading Masters create and advertise their profile helping the Subscribers choose their preferred Master or Masters to subscribe to. The Platform automatically copies trades from Masters to all of their Subscriber.

### Backtesting
The Backtesting analyses similar patterns for generated signals using historical crypto data in order to forecast the signal's behavior.

### Signal Tracker 
The Signal Tracker tracks crypto signals generated on the platform by analysts or AI, in order to extract analytical data from the signal results.

### Analytical Decision Sheets
The Analytical Decision Sheets provides an environment for analysts to generate their own signals and rate signals generated by others.

### Trade Management
The Trade Management in NuraFin Crypto Trading Platform provides an environment for traders to place several multi-entry and multi-target orders at the same time.

### Analytical Performance Reports
The Analytical Performance Reports let users view their performance in the signaling and trading within a team or for their accounts. This feature makes users able to evaluate their performance in selected intervals.

### Crypto Data Downloader
The Crypto Data Downloader downloads the cryptocurrencies' historical data from different exchanges including Binance and KuCoin, and stores candlesticks and orderbooks for all crypto pairs and all timeframes in a database. The downloaded data is accessible from the platform for download in CSV and other formats.

### Trading Teams
Users can create their own trading teams with specific Analysts and Traders. The Platform let users assign different settings to each team member, according to their roles, set weighted indicators for Analysts, and trade restrictions for Traders.



## Telegram Scraper Platform
Telegram Scraper is a platform mainly developed for advertising. This project aims to scrap the Telegram users data from Telegram groups (users can search the list of groups by keywords) and store the information in a database in order to add them in different Telegram groups/channels or send private message to selected Telegram users.

- Group Search
- Personalized Messages
- Bulk Group and Channel Member Adds
- Performance Statistics



## Blockchain Projects

First things first, the world is evolving, and Blockchain is a highly recommended new trend for the future. The Blockchain is the new method for making the world more decentralized and secure. In order to expand our future responsibility at NuraFin, we are focusing on several Blockchain-related fields. 
 
 
### Drybit 
 
The first and most important project for Nura is to create an entirely new Blockchain for the Drybit device. Drybit is a brand-new and revolutionary device that utilizes the heat of miners to dehydrate fruits. Drybit aims to solve the electricity problem of the Proof-of-Work consensus of Bitcoin miners by utilizing the heat of the miners to dry fruits, thereby contributing to a greener world and reducing BTC mining's electricity consumption to zero.

Drybit is a sustainable project that aims to open new doors for the mining industry, and it could be considered an innovative solution to the problem of bitcoin mining's energy consumption. 
 
### Additional projects 
We are attempting to develop additional blockchain-based projects for Asset Tokenization and Real Estate.
